--- SQL CAST Function
           The SQL CAST function is mainly used to convert the expression from one data type to another data type.
           If the SQL Server CAST function is unable to convert a declaration to the desired data type,
           this function returns an error. We use the CAST function to convert numeric data into character or
           string data.

           SELECT First_Name, CAST (Score AS Integer)
           Int_Score FROM Student_Score;

           we are using the CAST function to convert the SCORE column from type FLOAT to INTEGER. When we do it,
           various RDBMS have many rules to handle the numbers to the point of decimal.

--- How to create functions in SQL?
    SQL has many built-in functions for performing the calculation of data.
    SQL provides built-in functions to perform the operations. Some useful functions of SQL
    are performing the mathematical calculations, string concatenation and sub-string etc.

    SQL functions are divided into two parts:

    Aggregate Functions
        Scalar Functions
        SQL Aggregate Functions
        SQL Aggregate functions return a single value which is calculated from the values.

        AVG(): It returns the average value of the column.
        COUNT(): It returns the number of rows in the table.
        FIRST(): It returns the first value of the column.
        LAST(): It returns the last value
        MAX(): It returns the largest value of the column.
        MIN(): It returns the smallest value of the column.
        SUM(): It returns the sum of rows of the table.
        SQL Scalar functions
        SQL Scalar functions returns the single value according to the input value.

    Scalar functions:
        UCASE(): It converts the database field to uppercase.
        LCASE(): It converts a field to lowercase.
        MID(): It extracts characters from the text field.
        LEN(): It returns the length of a text field.
        ROUND(): It rounds a numeric field to the number of decimals.
        NOW(): It returns the current date and time.
        FORMAT(): It formats how a field is to be displayed.

---
